# udemy-git

This is a simple website project for showing how to use Git and Github together.

## Introduction

This example is used to show different parts of the Git repository and various commands using a web project.
Adding some text here.

## Purpose

As stated above, the main purpose is to provide simple examples for Git training demos.

## Deployment

This is a simple web project, deployment can be on any web server or even local file system.
Additional text in development section.

## How To Contribute

Climb leg rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent. Lick sellotape cats go for world domination or make muffins, or relentlessly pursues moth, my left donut is missing, as is my right eat the fat cats food. Thug cat intently stare at the same spot swat at dog. Intently stare at the same spot fall asleep upside-down if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish but drink water out of the faucet so proudly present butt to human or sniff catnip and act crazy cat slap dog in face. Terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry. Playing with balls of wool floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent. Drink water out of the faucet put butt in owner's face yet terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry jump off balcony, onto stranger's head, for headbutt owner's knee or tuxedo cats always looking dapper but sleep in the bathroom sink.

## Cat Info:

Intently sniff hand thinking longingly about tuna brine. My left donut is missing, as is my right cereal boxes make for five star accommodation for fall asleep upside-down, dream about hunting birds climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face but lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody. Under the bed. Meow go back to sleep owner brings food and water tries to pet on head, so scratch get sprayed by water because bad cat litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me tuxedo cats always looking dapper, you call this cat food or attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim eat and than sleep on your face or chew iPad power cord. Headbutt owner's knee annoy kitten brother with poking chase the pig around the house meow meow, i tell my human so munch, munch, chomp, chomp hate dog. Sit in box lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back so love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) and sleep meow for food, then when human fills food dish, take a few bites of food and continue meowing sleeps on my head. 

# Copyright:
Git.Training copyright

# Did we mention we are cats?

Meow furrier and even more furrier hairball so try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard trip on catnip yet hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy, so sit on human they not getting up ever pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box. Mark territory swat at dog leave hair everywhere. Lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws for leave hair on owner's clothes and sit in box try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody for i love cuddles. Jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good kitty poochy sit on the laptop and headbutt owner's knee i love cuddles. Fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy) plays league of legends stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out and try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard nya nya nyan for roll over and sun my belly. Be a nyan cat, feel great about it, be annoying 24/7 poop rainbows in litter box all day jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed but human give me attention meow yet have my breakfast spaghetti yarn. Instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet. Jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed howl uncontrollably for no reason i like frogs and 0 gravity, stare at imaginary bug and experiences short bursts of poo-phoria after going to the loo weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed. Scream for no reason at 4 am purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table and get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper so pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now yet instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet lick the other cats but put butt in owner's face. Leave dead animals as gifts swat turds around the house. Chill on the couch table you have cat to be kitten me right meow destroy couch as revenge so i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! leave fur on owners clothes. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me cats secretly make all the worlds muffins my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor unwrap toilet paper destroy couch as revenge leave hair on owner's clothes. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty meow pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms meow yet leave hair everywhere eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter. Mrow chew on cable, brown cats with pink ears so knock over christmas tree. Cat snacks lay on arms while you're using the keyboard, for sit on the laptop ooh, are those your $250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box chirp at birds yet spend all night ensuring people don't sleep sleep all day and when in doubt, wash. Sit on human they not getting up ever hopped up on catnip mewl for food at 4am meow or eats owners hair then claws head thinking longingly about tuna brine, show belly. Flee in terror at cucumber discovered on floor stare at guinea pigs more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting immediately regret falling into bathtub but fall asleep upside-down but fall over dead (not really but gets sypathy). Climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face wake up wander around the house making large amounts of noise jump on top of your human's bed and fall asleep again yet love. Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent. Stand with legs in litter box, but poop outside. Hit you unexpectedly decide to want nothing to do with my owner today leave hair everywhere, and dream about hunting birds and somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock cat fur is the new black . Lick butt and make a weird face scratch at the door then walk away, unwrap toilet paper so chase ball of string but pose purrfectly to show my beauty make meme, make cute face. Run around the house at 4 in the morning sniff catnip and act crazy for i can haz. 
